+++
title = "Samos Token Introduction"
tags = [
    "Distribution",
    "Feature",
    "Intro",
]
date = "2018-4-11"
categories = [
    "Intro",
]
description = "The Samos Token Distribution Plan."
+++

# Samos Token Introduction

Samos is a blockchain based service network which enables businesses to adapt to the blockchain world.There is a token named SAMO which is used as a work proof.SAMO is not for selling.It will be distributed who really helps samos community and provide service for samos service network.

# Distribution Plan

The max supply of SAMO is 300M and no additional mechanism. We use “InitialUnlockedCount” to control release at early time. It is effective to spread SAMO to community. The distribution principle will be adjusted accordingly with the development of the entire samos service network.
The first 100M SAMO will distributed community not less than  2 years.The later 200M SAMO will released in next 15 years.


# InitialUnlockedCount

The InitialUnlockedCount (40) addresses will unlock by default.
The tokens from these 40 addresses are ready for Samos Storage Service.

# Warning & Legal

SAMO is a token, if it been listed on an exchange, its market may fall or raise and there is no guarantee about it. By trading SAMO you are aware that the risk in trading is high and there is a risk that you may loose SAMO or in worse case money.
You are responsible to ensure if you use SAMO that the holding, dealing or usage of a token is legal in your country.
You must make sure to protect your wallet and you are responsible to ensure you have copies of the SAMO wallet seeds as backup. SAMO is not responsible if you loose your wallet or password.
If you use the SAMO product (wallet & services) you are aware of the risk and regulation and agree that the developers, owners, partners are not responsible should you:

* Lose your SAMO
* Lose funds within trading
* Forget your password
* Send wrong amounts of SAMO
* Use an invalid address and lose SAMO
* Suffer a hardware failure on your system and lose data, SAMO or anything else on that system
* Use SAMO illegal in your country or location you reside
* You also agree NOT to use SAMO for any illegal purposes


